So Mr. Huo has his eye on this
girl, huh? Should’ve said so earlier.
Since Mr. Huo’s taken a liking to you,
stay and keep him company.
What do I do? I could’ve left, but now
it seems I’m out of luck.
When I passed by the next room just now,
I saw a car parked outside,
I’ll take this lady to the next room,
wait for me to come back.
Would Mr. Shi Nai mind?
Hah, this little thing?
Just a cracked egg.
Of course I don’t mind,
do as you please, sir.
I’ll wait here for Mr. Huo.
What is this…
Blue-black canceled, switch to the Polish pen.
Sir, what are you going to do?
Why not call me “uncle”?
Who sent you?
That thing he just
pulled off me,
what was it? I want to know
who sent me here too.
All I know is the guy who grabbed me
was wearing a white suit and looked intimidating,
I don’t know anything else.
I don’t know, I was just
taken by them.
They told me to come deliver drinks,
and as long as I did what they said,
they’d let me and my friend go.
Sir, please believe me,
I really…
If you don’t want to die, shut up
and cooperate with me.
There’s someone watching me outside.
I… I know you’re caught
in some kind
of terrifying conflict.
Will you save me?
Answer me.
Leave it to me.
He wants me to make noise on purpose,
so the people outside
watching us can hear,
to throw off their surveillance.
Louder.
I said, louder.